ekron fails back and in that video
bringing another episode of minecraft
furniture galera and e mode today is the percy
jackson modcom guys this template that
adds a lot of super cool things to
percy jackson series is because really
I think you should already know but
by his sleep but I will
show that everything that molds adds
huh
Good to get personal, he adds.
new ores that are these here
so woman has this ore has this
from here and there is also this from here that when
You want them and you burn in the furnace.
you can make various armor and
new tools is but it will not
show why it's like a place
normal way of graphing the same thing
then you make a normal right that
you will be able to capture all the
tools armor and everything ne
well what I'm going to show you are
the special weapons of the series that this
way behind what are these weapons and
controlled his black white greatest hits
I'm late, sorry if I do not know how to speak
right galera than top 14 tours ex
open naify julius ambrose to demonstrate
their power to which we have two clothes
nor luck jupiter field and camp of
blood surge beauty wins so let's
start here black bayern and I 'll go
pro pass is the creative way to
to show you
beauty I'm going to go here then become a
zombie and cool he will not die
burned because it has that ceiling that I
I put that we are close in the thousand face
200 crisis
then guys just look we have the
black bator is a normal sword then
Let's see one
23 with three hits he dies
so it 's kind of powerful even the sword
neither do I think the diamond sword
You need three beats too if you do not
cheat but folks in minecraft and still
There's no sound if you get away from the guy and I do not
I know why anyone knows anything
only and is with the music at most only in
maximum this kind so loose without music
I do not know why the guy just once or b
because it may be telling me that some
minecraft computer setup
I do not know this guy weird beauty will
pass the next weapon here the next
gun is this kind of a spear
then 12 ours with two beats on flame
tone is much more powerful right and the next is
a cool thing is under this one is the
there afternoon by the beauty forum
so come on, I'll come over here
physical beauty is here with a pen
in her hand and suddenly she's done
turns into a super sword galley only
clicking with the right button and it changes
well cool this one here she is
disguised as a pen
so come on let's get the shape of
sword and 123 three beats
The mob is already dead, the beauty is not here next time.
is the Catholics who are not in the world of form
but let's see the power 11 cv 234 okay it's
I need four beats
it is a little less strong right and
next here is the hammer or bad in the troxy
beauty the minotaur hammer 11234 a
with four beats it dies
which is stronger stronger
I confess beauty is now open naify not
open at fiac 1234 with four
and mobile in japan potato beauty this one here
It's also very cool, it's just that coin.
that the ajuris make up the right button she
turn a sword beauty of new button
right
she turns the coin and again on the ship a
Release guys so it's really cool
coin here can be three things
Let's test first with the sword to
see how long it takes 12 3 414 shakes
moby will die right
and now let's test here with the spear
1234 then with the spear with the sword they
have the same power very nice beauty
guys now have special weapons
the other areas that can
to be affected are here
for you are the pick for this here
their sword and everything but they can and
even the armor, but this is it
tool can be affected normally
I do not need to show you guys.
So I'll show you how
guys the food that tone here O s
Ambrose is what he does when people
looks'll just go pro you will see
beauty when he is in the lord will I
I'll just be running here for myself.
lose my hunger but look I just lost one
A dangerous family coral I go
show you when we start
the food here looks only the beauty eats
we will win 3 studs right hunger gilad
and will recover three pms and is already with
regina regeneration
for more than one minute, ie without
take any damage
he will regenerate tv yet in time
alina as for example we will follow this
here and let's jump to take a
I have owner to demonstrate to you, right?
for the manicure feeling very bad is the
I took it but it will already recover everything
because this one has a regeneration the
which is very good, huh?
good guys but here was another video from
minecraft molds i hope everyone
You liked it, please, I ask.
What are you guys supposed to do now?
I liked it and also the favorite to help
disclosure and also enroll in the
channel
Thank you so much, thanks for the next video.
and I went
I do not even anyone
ae